Create 2024-03-15.md (#124)
department-of-veterans-affairs/developer-portal-content: content/health/internal-community-care/release-notes/2024-03-15.md

> The CCE API now returns an error if it encounters a problem validating the list of nearby facilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Community Care Eligibility API now returns an error if it encounters a problem validating the list of nearby facilities.
```

> [View code changes(s)](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/health-apis-community-care-eligibility/pull/222)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[View code changes(s)](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/health-apis-community-care-eligibility/pull/222).
```
